fix: add missing alt descriptions (#19332)
mdn/content: files/en-us/games/techniques/3d_on_the_web/webvr/index.md

With the popularity of Oculus Rift and a lot of other devices in production coming soon to the market, the future looks bright — we already have sufficient technology to make the VR experience "good enough" for playing games. There are many devices to chose from: desktop ones like Oculus Rift or HTC Vive, through consoles with Playstation VR (which admittedly doesn't support WebVR at this time), to mobile experiences like Gear VR or Google Cardboard.

> ![Succession of five differents VR devices.](hmds.jpg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Five different VR devices, ranging from cardboard to high-end.](hmds.jpg)
```
